[Music]
these games have all been compared to
Dark Souls and what's more you often see
the term Souls like being thrown around
these games are fairly popular and
there's a good chance you've heard of
them so instead I thought it'd be fun to
dig deep and find Souls likes that
absolutely no one has heard of now
before we start you might be asking what
exactly is a Souls like and that's a
great question
alright so I need to warn you with this
first one I'm gonna throw some buzzwords
at you multiplayer-only battle royale
souls like now if you're like me you
hear those words and you're probably
like and I think a lot of people had
that same reaction it has an average
30-day player count of 0.1 which I
didn't know that's possible I've never
seen a game this dead before but [__] it
you know let's let's test it out
I don't know I don't know why there's
all this Russian at the bottom of the
screen there's also no sound effects my
attack
[Music]
I'm not really sure how I'm doing this
because I supposed to be multiple only
but like I'm still in a game so I don't
know what's going on Oh a player what is
this what is happening good game there's
a [__] bomb siren going off guys go
underwater you can just chill underwater
just just walk underwater [__] great
killed by life circumstances
[Music]
what are those guys doing forget hit
them something
[Music]
okay
my what the [__] am i buy this thing now
this is so [__] ominous on this like
a weird creature there's a Russian at
the top of the screen darkness is coming
this is [__] surreal yeah a lizard
what up
[Music]
alright alright feather fall let's
[__] do it I I'm in love with this
our cell but you are you friendly oh
[__] yo this Morningstar has [__]
physics how do I beat this guy Oh No
let's go so [__] fast
oh I got pushed outside the arena oh no
I broke the game this is my one chance
to beat him by [__] cheating Oh No
ready ready I'm ready let's go let's go
okay well
are you joking this game is [__]
hardcore dude
they throw [__] orange scenes snow
you as the second fight in the game
[Music]
yes I can [__] do this oh I did it I
somehow got through the fence hey man
did the speedrunning community needs to
use the lookup feather fall I don't know
man I literally I pressed me I'm done
I'm actually done anyway cool game but
yeah this game obviously isn't like
amazing by any stretch but like it
definitely feels like a hidden gem kind
of game because it came out in February
of 2019 and I'm looking at the Steam
page and the first review that I'm
looking at here is from January of this
year so it went like a full year without
getting a single Steam review and that
feels like a real shame alright so next
we got animus which is a mobile game
that was ported to PC so super high
expectations
[Music]
okay all right hold on look at this [__]
you know what I wish dar CIL's had a
show like this
Oh God
[Music]
but I just used my one-shot move
apparently it's the one thing I just
figured out is you have a lot of in leg
after swinging right but you can
actually cancel that entirely
you just roll I love this I can increase
my dodge by point zero one five seconds
or doesn't even mean I move 1/100 of a
second faster holy [__]
and we're already repeating bosses ok ok
[Music]
alright I think that's probably my cue
to stop playing oh my god
yeah I think we were at this game 10 out
of 96 armor shards alright so I'm not
really sure how I found this game but
you'll notice that it's all in Chinese
and it's actually only in Chinese it's
not in English at all um but there was
one review in English and he said you
are a sword indeed Chinese soul like
action RPG there you go the name of this
game by the way I put it in Google
Translate it's a sword spirit so your
sword spirit oh boy
Oh No you know honestly digging this
character okay so I'm not gonna be able
read any of these what I'm assuming our
tutorial messages but you know it can't
be that hard okay
[Music]
I don't know I can't talk me describe it
but it feels like weirdly smooth
[Music]
you know you can just [__] fly around
god damn I wish I could read man what am
i good
whoa why is this shooting me oh here we
go
Oh
that's him holy [__]
anything killed during a cutscene
[Music]
I died before the boss even finishes
intro Wow
[Music]
rice man I can't do this okay I think we
have to give up for now because this is
way way too [__] hard and maybe it's
just because I can't [__] read what's
going on I'm missing like a game
mechanic but uh honestly this is a
pretty cool looking game
we have hentai no hero
hentai no hero souls like you never
expected
so not really sure what to expect with
this one but I was looking over the
features and it has rolled dodge and
equip and unequipped sword and shield so
I mean it's it's basically Dark Souls oh
Jesus what am i doing with my life man
oh my god
oh hi yeah did some amazing platforming
just stick some planks in the side of a
mountain my fluid is always diminished
to regenerate it I have to take the time
leave before I join you as soon as
possible
what sorry I'm just running past
everything [__] this game I can't even
hit them I spent money on this I really
love how the stab button is the same
button as lock-on so everytime I said I
either lock-on or unlock he's got him
please God
yeah I'm refunding this next we have
broom came out a few months ago almost
no reviews but the art style really
caught my attention so let's check it
out
oh my god this is the game oh my god I
love this old x2 collect blood oh my god
I just sucked it up
gosh I got a little a little - - you can
sweet look at this God this art style
well I guess we just you just [__]
explore now sick I talk to you oh [__]
oh [__] no I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm so sorry man I
was just trying to talk to you
yep there you go
oh and he's gone now
damn it oh no he's still a groan oh [__]
no NPC oh never mind is that [__]
Shrek hold on is this Dobby Dobby has a
club hell yeah big club yes
awesome
big spoon an old key big spoon big spoon
big spoon
honestly the art style alone makes this
game really neat unfortunately like
there's not enough content to really
recommend it but as like just a weird
trippy experience for like 40 minutes
it's pretty cool so next up we have
another Chinese game Guji and three but
it actually has an English translation
that I got in November so pretty cool I
can actually read now has 16,000 reviews
very positive and people are comparing
it to Dark Souls and The Witcher in the
reviews so pretty promising let's check
it out
I should also mention that the first
trailer I saw for this game had a guy
fighting a crab so that kind of sold me
on it
I mean come on
oh [__]
okay this this feels alright honestly
[__] yeah
I don't know this game had a budget
clearly this is cool there's a jump
button what was happening how are we
good okay don't hurt that dog we're
gonna [__] beat them to death with a
stick
[__] yeah
[Music]
he's throwing money at me
she's turning bags of money at my face
[Music]
other [__] monkeys can't fight them
oh [__] oh this is very important did
this game come out before or after
secure oh listen I don't know if this
game how good or bad this game is yeah
it's way too early to say but I do know
is that you can beat up monkeys with a
stick so I think that's worth something
you can here's our boys here
hope your yeah okay holy [__]
[Music]
what's happening hello okay okay hold on
hold on hold on all right
[Music]
lower difficulty I think I'm good and
there's good stopping point well what
the [__] am i a dog I can't see you see
you
I tend into a crow I used to be a dog
listen edit glance this doesn't look
horrible
this looks kind of neat I think he
really I'm using negative damn it
maybe we're doing it we're doing it it's
almost half done
hell yeah here right here the bosses
over here man and it's the same guy it's
another night with a mace whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa oh [__] I bonded them like
well I'll make a better game in my
bathroom
I just has a fun game
well you're joking about going to the
bathroom to make a game by the way I
mean it was a joke but I also did go to
bathroom well I was expecting I when I
first saw it bro I saw Mia does a dog
and then I turned into a pro and I knew
it was gonna be good
how much is this game cause he's 15
dollars our punter free man
thanks man now these little times though
I think I'm carrying mine crash did
actually I think my gym all right well
that's a good time to stop I think oh I
just spent a lot of money on all these
games you know be pretty nice if this
video was sponsored Thank You expressvpn
responsible hey you ahh Slater you come
from do you like movies yeah all right
so it'd be pretty nice if you could say
watch all the Ghibli movies on Netflix
and thank you well unfortunately in this
example you can't do that if you're in
the US or Canada because of region locks
mmm-hmm whatever can be done unless you
have a VPN to change your region I'm
afraid mm yep you literally just hit one
button and you're good to go the Knight
of Catarina explicit his deepest
gratitude if that sounds useful go to
expressvpn calm
pineapple I get three months for free so
yeah give it a shot and if you're Mia
this far thanks Ben for Washington